chore: add astro to troubleshooting guide (#3410)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.react.mdx

</body>
```

> **2.** Update the `vite.config.js` and add in a resolve alias inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.

Author: ```suggestion
**2.** Update the `vite.config.js` and add a resolve alias inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.
```

  }
})
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Astro

When working with a [Astro](https://astro.build/) project you must make a few modifications. Please follow the steps below.
<Tabs>
  <TabItem title="TypeScript">
**1.** Add the following script to the bottom of the `index.astro` file. This will only run on the client side and will polyfill Node globals.

```html
<script>
  window.global = window;
  window.process = {
    env: { DEBUG: undefined },

>   } as unknown as NodeJS.Process;

Author: note: all astro files are TS files

  var exports = {};
</script>
```

> **2.** Update the `astro.config.mjs` to add in a resolve object inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.

Author: ```suggestion
**2.** Update the `astro.config.mjs` to add a resolve object inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.
```

    "skipLibCheck": true,
...
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem title="JavaScript">
**1.** Add the following script to the bottom of the `index.astro` file. This will only run on the client side and will polyfill Node globals.

```html
<script>
  window.global = window;
  window.process = {
    env: { DEBUG: undefined },
  }
  var exports = {};
</script>
```

> **2.** Update the `astro.config.mjs` to add in a resolve object inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.

Author: ```suggestion
**2.** Update the `astro.config.mjs` to adda resolve object inside the `defineConfig({})` as seen below.
```
